[EDITS]Copy to edit. (#378)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/edits/datagraph-adding-sla-tiers.adoc

= Add SLA Tiers for Anypoint DataGraph
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> You can add multiple SLA tiers to an Anypoint DataGraph instance.

Reviewer: Under what circumstances would your audience want or need to do this, and to what user benefit...or is that too obvious?
And if we can get rid of the modal verb "you can," so much the better.
For example, something like "To <achieve this result under these circumstances>, add SLA tiers to your...."

> You can add multiple SLA tiers to an Anypoint DataGraph instance.

Author: ```suggestion
Add multiple SLA tiers to an Anypoint DataGraph instance to control user access and limit requests.
```

To add an SLA tier:

> . In *API Manager*, click *DataGraph Administration* > *SLA Tiers*.

Reviewer: Use a colon at the end of a step that points to an immediately following graphic, list, or table:
```suggestion
. In *API Manager*, click *DataGraph Administration* > *SLA Tiers*:
```
GLOBAL, per style ref.

+
image::datagraph-sla-tiers.png[The illustration shows the DataGraph SLA Tiers page,50%,50%]

> . From the DataGraph SLA Tiers page, click *Add SLA tier*.

Reviewer: I assume that this page name is not a label in the UI? (If so, bold.)
ditto colon:
```suggestion
. From the DataGraph SLA Tiers page, click *Add SLA tier*:
```

Reviewer: In each of Lines 16-18, you could omit "the" and "field" if the UI is clear enough for your audience to find the field by name alone.
You can also omit "drop-down" before list (or menu), assuming that our audience knows how to use common UI controls

+
image::datagraph-add-sla-tier.png[The illustration shows the Add SLA tier window,45%,65%]

> . In the *# of Reqs* field, add the number of client requests allowed, for example, `100`.

Reviewer: What do we mean by "allowed"? Is this a maximum, or is this the choice of the user?

Author: see suggestion

> . In the *# of Reqs* field, add the number of client requests allowed, for example, `100`.

Author: ```suggestion
. In the *# of Reqs* field, add the number of requests a client can make, for example, `100`.
```

> . In the *Time Period* field, specify a time limit on client requests, for example, `60`.

Reviewer: timeout before the request fails?

> . In the *Time Period* field, specify a time limit on client requests, for example, `60`.

Author: ```suggestion
. In the *Time Period* field, specify a timeout before a client request fails, for example, `60`.
```

. In the *Time Unit* field, select the unit of time from the drop-down list, for example, `Seconds`.

> . If you want to display the SLA tier with the contract, select *Visible* .

Reviewer: Will your audience know what you mean by "the contract," because I sure don't! lol
OK NEVERMIND, I see it below

> . If you want to display the SLA tier with the contract, select the *Visible* check box.

Author: ```suggestion
. If you want to display the SLA tier with the contract, select *Visible* .
```

> . If you want to create additional SLA tiers, click *Add Limit*.

Reviewer: Why is this control labeled "add limit"? What does this imply for the task of adding tiers: that you can add just one, or a specific number, or up to some limit?

Author: You can add as many tiers as you need to

. Click *Add*.

== See Also

* xref:datagraph::index.adoc[Anypoint DataGraph Overview]

> * xref:defining-sla-tiers.adoc[Reviewing SLA Tiers concepts on API Manager]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:defining-sla-tiers.adoc[Reviewing SLA Tiers Concepts on API Manager]
```
